---
Title: Saab AB
logo: "/images/partners/saab.png"
website: https://saabgroup.com/
---
Saab serves the global market with world-leading products, services and solutions from military defence to civil security. With operations in over 100 countries, Saab continuously develops, adapts and improves new technology to meet customers' changing needs. The most important markets are Europe, Asia and North America. Saab competes in an international market, which requires a strong international presence. Therefore, Saab has established Market Areas around the world. They are: North America, Latin America, Nordic & Baltic, Europe & Greater Middle East, Sub-Saharan Africa, India and Asia Pacific. Saab has about 14,000 employees and annual sales in 2015 were approximately SEK 27 billion, of which around 25 per cent was related to research and development. Saab's operations are divided into five Business Areas - Aeronautics, Dynamics, Surveillance, Support and Services, Industrial Products and Services, and Kockums. Saab offers advanced airborne systems, related subsystems, Unmanned Aerial Systems, aerostructures, defence systems, including the Gripen fighter and submarine A26, and commercial aerospace systems, including supply to for example Airbus and Boeing. Saab also develops and offers various types of advanced avionics and control & actuation equipment and sub-systems for a large number of helicopter and fixed wing aircraft types.
Saab vision is to be leading systems-of systems (SoS) provider on the defence and security market. Saab SoS solutions comprise interconnected intelligent systems fulfilling customer needs, and are characterized as resilient, safe, secure, flexible and cost effective.
